you're great in the movie in Cola my I
really enjoyed that and working with
Eddie Murphy has to be I mean anybody's
dream right as an actor absolutely of
course yeah
Eddie is had you met Eddie did you know
him before you did the movie no so when
I got the audition
it was just like untitled no script just
sides and then I did like five callbacks
and in the first time I met Eddie he was
on the first day of work so I was like
Cologne Wow yeah first day of work yeah
yeah and it was anything because
everyone was like you know just so you
know he's like he's different he's
changed and I was like changed huh and
they were like he's bigger and I was
like oh so you know like it's like don't
think about the elephant in room that's
all you think about
so my mind I thought he was gonna look
like Sherman from Nutty Professor I was
like oh my gosh like it's okay like I'll
make him feel comfortable like maybe
look at him directly in the eye
initially I saw him I was like it's not
that bad like beer belly like yeah you
ate lots of Pancakes I don't think
you're gonna get invited for the sequel
if there is one now you where did you
grow up
um I'm born and raised in Philadelphia
but then my parents move when I was a
middle school to Hershey Pennsylvania
where they make the chocolate Hershey
Pennsylvania kid living in Brooklyn the
only place we ever went for vacation was
Hershey Park that's the trip for New
Yorkers they all come in and New York
and Philadelphia
it's the thing and it seemed like the
greatest place in the world yeah no I
mean like you like know it is but you
wake up in the morning and you're like
brownies again you don't I mean like cuz
it it just smells like like chocolate
chocolate it likes living in Willy
Wonka's funny story about Willy Wonka so
um a friend you know him no no inside
there
so they like when they would try out new
candy they would like you know leave a
box like outside your door
what yeah be like and then they would
give you like a questionnaire thing to
be like rated how you like it and stuff
like that so he's so many new kids and
people that would come into the city and
like so was constantly kids coming in
and out and so there's this guy I cannot
believe I'm about to say this there's
this guy named Andy Frey goes it was a
new guy and I had the biggest crush on
him so Andy Franco's his dad in school
he was like super popular because his
dad was a part of the team who invented
nerds so he was like the candy not the
human beings like his dad was here in
Hershey for like a special project cuz
they were inventing the nerve rope do
you guys remember the nerd rope yeah no
rope was good yes was like Twizzlers and
then it's like encrusted with nerds yeah
yeah yeah like a like almost like a
candy necklace but wouldn't yeah yes and
then they tested the money oh yeah and I
gave it it comes out you give it a big
thumbs up yeah with the Reverend candies
that were bad no you know which one was
complicated though that takes 6 1 takes
because it was like it's peanut butter
and caramel and nuts and then like the
mini pretzels is too much yeah and also
just the name is it takes 6 like it
sounds like some weird like form of jazz
band yeah yeah it takes yeah ladies band
your parents listen to ya maybe acapella
Wow how about that and then you move to
New York to become an actor yeah I moved
to New York graduated from school moved
to New York um and my hustle job was a
nanny Oh
so I was a nanny for I had to make this
very clear I was a nanny for upper
Westside family who kids went to school
on the Upper East Side
ah do you ever hear from the children or
the you know what is crazy so since this
movie came out the mother recently
me up and like sent me photos of them
and stuff and it was they were amazing
kids and I remember they were like six
and eight and so one is like super good
at sports and the other one because he's
six like he would try to compete you
don't know mean and so he's like running
out of breath like about the
hyperventilate and I'm like it's okay
like your brother is like a a G like he
he's got the sports thing on life ya
know one time I saw him in his room like
this music blasting and he was like
jumping on his bed like like doing these
hip-hop moves and I was like I forget I
get it
this is your special power you're a
dancer so I told the parents and I was
like you got to get him into hip-hop and
so like I hope the kid still does it oh
so I thought the end of the story was
going to be and now he dances with the
needles no but he was it was just so fun
because they were young enough that she
can like mold them right you could be
young enough that you could tell him
listen you're not as good of your
brother like unique I remember one time
I went to go pick him up and his teacher
was like he's been a menace today I was
like oh and like I looked and you see
him in the corner like brooding and I
was like oh my god this is gonna be a
day and so I was like what's wrong and
she was like he wants a mustache and I
was like and so I guess he was like I'm
shutting down today so I'm like oh my
god oh my god what am I gonna do how am
I gonna grow a mustache on this kid so I
can get through these next eight hours
like halfway decent in peace and so like
he's having tantrum he's like falling
out I mean there's his Upper West Upper
East Side some like everybody's looking
at me and so I go in and Dwayne Reed and
I'm like uh I don't know I don't know I
know so I grab a sharpie and then I draw
I draw a mustache on his pointer finger
but on this side and he was like what is
this and I was like it's your mustache
and he was like mustache and then I was
like go like this and then he went like
that and
was like so and I like put the mirror
and he was like very clever and he grew
up to do security from my show area do I
enjoy ran off for everyone
[Music]
[Applause]
I am Jimmy Kimmel click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though